One of the most critical attributes a 21st century company must have is a well-developed data analysis sector. Businesses can analyze their personal data to discover best-selling products, evaluate marketing efforts, pinpoint supply-chain issues, and much more. Furthermore, companies can also analyze other companies or market data to discover trends, issues and sentiment. Good analysis contributes to better decision making which in turn can save companies from disastrous endeavors. However, this process has only become relevant in recent years with the data explosion of Web 2.0. Human beings share more data than ever today. Twitter as a prime example publishes an outstanding 500 million tweets per day. Considering that most of these posts are qualitative in nature (users post about their emotions on certain topics), Twitter provides an incredible resource for market sentiment analysis. 
Say as Instagram developers we want to search up what people think of Instagram’s new feature on Twitter. Reading every tweet line by line can become very exhaustive, and time-consuming, here’s where programming comes into play. I will design and create a program that fetches data in the form of tweets from Twitter based upon a specific user inputted keyword.  My program will then process all the twitter data, extract a sentiment analysis from it, and return the results in a graphical form for ease of use.
For input, I will be utilizing two libraries:
•	Tweepy – will enable faster and more efficient communication with the Twitter API.
•	Textblob – will enable easier textual processing for our NLP task and sentiment calculation algorithm.
Inputs received from users will comprise of the keyword and specified time interval. 
For output, I will be utilizing the MatPlotLib library from Python which will enable us to graph the results from our algorithm into a chart. The output will be sentiment analysis number, as well as counts of negative tweets and positive tweets.

